{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20520\viewh15480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Verification Phase: bridge between work done and money paid\
\
The protocol replaces a centralized manager with a decentralized "court of experts."\
\
The Bounty Verification Logic has 2 components: (A) the "Expert Court", followed by (B) the Curation Logic (ie "Wisdom of Crowds").\
\
A)  The Bounty Verification Flow ("The Expert Court")\
Used for releasing funds ($500 - $100k) after a researcher claims to be finished.\
\
The Visual Scene:\
\
The Submission: A researcher uploads their code/PDF. This is sealed with a digital fingerprint (IPFS Hash) so it can't be changed later.\
The Summoning: The Smart Contract randomly selects 3-5 Platinum Tier curators (Authority Score > 2,000). They get a notification/ping: "New Verification Task Pending."\
\
\
Bounty Verification Mermaid:\
\
sequenceDiagram\
    participant R as Researcher\
    participant C as Smart Contract\
    participant V as Verifier Pool (Platinum)\
    participant W as Researcher Wallet\
\
    rect rgb(20, 20, 30)\
        Note over R, C: Phase 1: Submission\
        R->>C: Submit Work (IPFS Hash)\
        C->>C: Lock State: "Under Review"\
    end\
\
    rect rgb(30, 30, 40)\
        Note over C, V: Phase 2: The Summoning\
        C->>V: Randomly select 3 Verifiers\
        V-->>R: (Notification sent)\
    end\
\
    rect rgb(40, 40, 50)\
        Note over V, C: Phase 3: The Verdict (72h Window)\
        V->>V: Review Proof of Work\
        V->>C: Vote: \uc0\u9989  Approve or \u10060  Reject\
    end\
\
    rect rgb(20, 50, 20)\
        Note over C, W: Phase 4: Execution\
        alt Majority = Approve\
            C->>W: \uc0\u55357 \u56496  Release $10,000 Bounty\
            C->>V: \uc0\u55357 \u56504  Pay 1% Fee ($100)\
            C->>C: Mint "Completed" NFT\
        else Majority = Reject\
            C->>R: Return Status "Rejected"\
            C->>C: Slash Reputation (if fraud)\
        end\
    end\
\
\
B. The Curation Verification Flow ("The Wisdom of Crowds")\
Used for verifying the quality of a paper (Breakthrough vs. Noise).\
\
The Visual Scene:\
\
Staking: 10 different researchers enter a room. To speak, they must put $50 on the table (Stake).\
Secret Ballot: They each write their rating of a paper on a card (Breakthrough, Valuable, or Noise). They drop it in a box. They cannot copy each other.\
The Reveal: After the timer ends, the box opens.\
The Convergence:\
If 7 say "Valuable" and 3 say "Noise", the Truth is "Valuable."\
The 7 who agreed get their $50 back + profit.\
The 3 who were wrong lose a portion of their $50.\
Note: High Authority curators have "louder voices" (weighted voting).\
\
visualizing the result: Imagine a heat map on the paper. If the map is tight and red-hot around "Valuable", verification is successful and confidence is high. If the map is scattered all over, verification failed (low confidence).}